All right now it's time for challenge 15.
The goal of this challenge is instead of console logging the titles or the bodies of each of the posts
that we compose I want you to be able to render it on the home page
once you've composed a new post. So the end goal is that once you've reloaded your website and you go
over to the compose page and we add let's say just some sort of post
And if you wanted to generate a whole bunch of text without a lot of effort then you can head over to
loremIpsum.io and use their lorem ipsum generator to put in some post content in here.
Now when I hit publish I get redirected to the home page and my new post gets put in to this page as
HTML elements. So pause the video and I want you to complete this challenge
trying to figure out how you can achieve this.
So my first hint is just remind you that when you're creating just simple HTML elements it shouldn't
be inside the EJS  scriptlet tags.
So check your code if it's not working and see if this helps to solve your problem.
Now my second hint is
again to remind you to check the EJS documentation and to remember that there is a specific tag that
outputs the value of a variable into the template.
So this is the one that you'll need to be able to solve this challenge.